(laughing)
♪ Come on in
and join the fun ♪
-(squawks)
-♪ 'Cause our party's
just begun ♪
♪ It's such a treat
when best friends meet ♪
♪ We're inviting everyone ♪
♪ So jump right in,
there's a lot to do ♪
♪ Minnie's Bow-Toons
are waiting for you ♪
Oh yeah! (laughs)
Oh, girls! It's our first
big swim on
the first day of summer!
(laughter)
Oh, I've been waitin' for this.
And now,
let's make a big splash!
(laughter)
-(sun sizzling)
-(seagull cawing)
♪ ♪
(uneasy chirping)
-(sizzle)
-(yelps)
-Hot! Hot! Hot!
-(tires screech)
-Oh...
-CUCKOO LOCA: Cannonball!
-(splash)
-(laughter)
Ah-ha!
-Look out below!
-DAISY: Look out!
(laughter)
♪ ♪
(sizzle)
Ah! Huh? Ah...
Ah-ha!
Who wants a juice box?
-(splash)
-Hey!
A penguin?
Oh! He's just trying
to cool off!
It's fine! Let's get
back to our game.
(laughter, chatter)
-(fan blowing)
-(screaming)
MINNIE:
Oh m-m-my!
He's ruining our pool day!
Now, see here, you...
-you adorably cute penguin!
-(fan stops)
If you want to swim with us,
you have to play nice!
-DAISY: Marco!
-Oh! Polo!
-(laughter)
-Hm!
♪ ♪
-(chair wobbles)
-(clattering)
-(ice crackling)
-Oh m-m-my!
Marco!
Him again? Now, look here!
You're welcome to stay,
but you gotta stop--
Ah!
-Oh my!
-Daisy!
(both straining)
Are you okay?
I feel like a q-q-quack-sicle!
♪ ♪
(crunching)
Woo-hoo! Ah...
That does it!
-(shivering)
-Time for me to break the ice.
(creak, crank)
(sizzle)
Ah! Whoa!
Hot! Hot! Aw...
And that's that.
♪ ♪
(grunts) Woo!
Tweedlyee... ah!
Oh, it's on, penguin!
-Nuh-uh.
-(crank)
-Uh-huh!
-(both grunting)
-(lever cranking)
♪ ♪
-(struggling)
-(snap)
(clang)
(fizzling)
-(ice crackling)
-Oh no.
(pop, clatter)
(cheering, kiss)
-(laughing)
-(bouncing)
No more swimming... Ah!
-No more splashing. Whoa!
-Woo!
But, there is one thing
we can do!
(laughter)
(cheering)
(laughing)
♪ ♪